{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\li4320\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 33 Usc 1251  86 stat 816 publ 92-100\par
The diagram shows a 18 wheel truck pulling out of the area. While pauing attention\par
to suurounding areas, The edge of the field during fracing procedures the truck driver reversed in to the field \par
at the edge of the dust which could of been dead tree plants and animal droppings from\par
 horses or from, a source that releases the same a\par
mount of hyrogen to the growing process, having to wait close to a year to six \par
months to full use a resourceful soil, many industries wait till the last minute to dully invest with the soil allowing chemicals \par
expand and adapt to its area. The truck at the end of the trailer at the speed of 40 mph or 20 kpm should not make a \par
noticable diffrance. The truck has no heat in in the area and all electrical is fully insulated. \par
the trailer looking as a wet tank, filled with petrolum oil this oil has been removed three times of it additve making it a secondary to the next stop, the next stop would be with the refinery of either \par
or gas station, known to carry hazards the truck should have a complete hazmat sign on the truck allowing the proper distances to the hazmat \par
trucking industry, and ANSI and PPE to the driver of the vacuum being released back in to the ground or to the treatment plant. If you notice the area, \par
no sign of saftey no one way road or stop signs or any stop signs. The area shows no signs of fences or areas for the driver to rest after \par
it has made its full driving hours, notice how there are no lines of trucks in the area. The way the foundation is layed out tells me the truck is personal \par
to the company, the truck and the road are having a hard time with the system which they have not reported or the orginization is fukll down and it is contaminated.\par
The reason for this reason is the way the water is being handled outside the stream of the river as the flow is not going to gravity it drifts from gravity and making a \par
larger flow rate to the river for a per second contamination of 10 seconds per every sqare feet at the water looking the radius of 5 ft saying the barrow is 5 feet wide radius and 5 feet wide \par
longatude, the water flows smoothly into the river with not a problem saying the foundation of the area has successfully marked its path and the issue is current, putting the equation of the \par
slip at a oil try of flow to a micromass of heluim flow to the solid state. there will be a three types of water flow with either green and blue or \par
yellow and green. This area we will start with understanding the solid state of the water and the adaption of the slip that it so honorly took in its place. i couldnt be more proud of the river \par
its still there fighting it could of just acided the full land and killed even the air to the flowers in the area, i mean even this is not so bad just think of it as your kid and he is mad that \par
you picked him up during a game of madden football and you just started to beat the friend that likes the same person as you do. its a bit fustrating and you are not to happy to see \par
your parent in the same clothes they dropped you off in and the friend notices and start to make fun of it and you just smile like the friend always get the best parts of your day. \par
This feeling is a pre mature feeling, the fact that you havent not at this point made it seen by putting your hands on each other or said many hurtful words to the adults. your doing just fine.\par
if you have screamed at your friend and you two fought for a controller and the other controller is working fine, this is a controling issue, its not the controller you wanted, you wanted the \par
envirnment to know you were there and the only way you are able to understand that they know is by taking control of what has the \par
attention at the moment. This is normal in the hormones of a boy and a man a self evaluation of your self and the thing you could change about the controling issue  depends on you and how you plan on having the \par
factor work withen your life style, still young if in the teens a short term goal to remember is always helpful, like learning about the reason your body is changing and who is the best perosn\par
to confornt about the issue, or a role model who will help you how to think rationally during the times you cant be the person you are, its ok to hold back your slef sometimes as not everyone'\par
thinks as you do. Its not being diffrent it's the views of life are diffrent and the stems and pressures of our body create new cells everyday they brain learns by protection its more \par
biggest investment and that is your body and your self until the dependency of a higher believe is understood the one way factor will continue, and that is up to your and your daily \par
actions in life.  So we could say hormones is the body of water in a boy and the refection of the water is the man, this body of water has no refection upon entering the grounds \par
after evaluation the water we did notice a adaption to the land as the water flows out the barrow saying the water is a hold back to the self actulation, the water had no clue what is wrong \par
onkly that life seems diffrent and in this factor thst there is only way way to understand, knowning the diffrence in factor to life and this dependency on the land and animals it will fight \par
the chemical action back , by intercepting the liquid to a gas form helping the water clean at a self actualation pace. its okay, because the issue is not here the water is doing its job and it \par
seems like it been doing it for some time now and a few more minutes of the the water protection it self will be fine. lets follow the land knowing the edges of the boarders have not had\par
its farmers at hand croping the field. The way to explain this is the field is dry on the top of the soil saying to me the westher has a pattern, it been hot for two weeks now, and if there is any \par
sprinkler system the water is coming to the land and returning as a deep robust smell like a green or a orange type? knowing green when the hulk is upset and he gets angry really quickly and he \par
and control him self then he hears chanting like go hulk go go hulk go and what happens he just forgets who he was for those moments. OR orange when the \par
indian man has his feathers and his hair in bundles of braids separated in three diffrent ranks with each feather meaning a greater man than the next\par
 and each braid meaning honor behind his honor , is UNDERSTOOD AS not a man who sees \par
regret. His honor of orange know about honor in place of his doing, which is why a orange\par
 is a bit more on the sweet side with the peel that has to wait till the color appears\par
and it has the right size and looks like it is ready to be peeled, if it was a tree it just fall right \par
off once ready. anyways the best i can example a hormone to a person.\par
Only not many of us today have the justice to have a orange tree or watch reruns of the hulk \par
all day. Yet here the both of the men stand in honor of helping the people fight bad guys \par
and bad villans. when you see the land what do you think the land can be preceived as?\par
ok, so we got the requirement of fourzerothree period eight period one period till colon open( 8 \par
colon closed ). We got 2004, 69 FR,18863 executive order of the economic documents that the EPA has not \par
approved of. The file which we are inttrested in the EPA as not approved since 2004. So we are taking the \par
certifacation water waste by module and doing the work and successful send it in for review and recieve the \par
document. \par
Note: Low IQ, syndrome, lIQS is Identified by an abnormal lack of intellagence, or in other words a node of the cortex \par
is lacking cell exchanging it is compressed and either covered in fluid and forcing the solid in a disorder such as numbness, or \par
brain migranes, such as lack of cells and a constant pain in the C6, the c5 of the brain. The stem at the pressure pulses of the \par
c1 and the c2, are condensed in pressures having a living molicule functioning a disorder while still activly entering the\par
 nerve binding the molicu;les, indivisual liquids may be entering and exiting at a two way mannor abling a flow to the stream and with c1 and c2 \par
of the brain sharing fluids with mass cells forcing the bind. this is a unadaptable binding to the brain, if you have this issue today go to the doctor the \par
trama force to the brain is  40% to 80%. Equal the pressure and force at the machine just past the stem of the brain at c1,5 and c2,5 just next to the stream flow \par
dont do this at home a one time to the force and pressure with 24 hours of rest and two shots at nutroliztiong the brain for a rest to the balance iin the radiation\par
in the iv, one 30 minutes after the treatment and one two hours after the patient wakes up make sure to keep the notice of the pain medicane the opiate quality \par
life hospice medication opiate at life threating pain and a reduction of the pulse rate and reduction of pressures, with a full radiation at the first radiation treatment at 0% to 75%\par
in less than 10 mins. possable of death for a five minutes at a time make sure iv is insuling enter for hydration. dont respretate. wait for the heart and brain to wake up allow the \par
patiant to hear talking surrounding the patient, keeping the brain activly searching for a familior voice. If the patient is ready to pass to death, dont allow the patient to \par
hear a voice he/she will reconize. After the patient wakes up twice for a quick response allowing the brain stem a quick reply allow the patient to sleep.\par
after two hours awake the patient up and give it the second dose of nutrization to the IV and wait 15 mins for the next pain reducer, at a \par
asprated pain reducer  opiate liquid. \par
(f)\par
(POTW pretreatment requirements.  A POTW pretreatment program must be based on the following legal authority and include the following procedures. \par
These authorities and procedures shall at all times be fully and effectively exercised and implemented.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\li3600\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 